Add e2e tests into examples (#1664)
AbsaOSS/enceladus: examples/data/e2e_tests/README.md

                    Copyright 2021 ABSA Group Limited
                  
      Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
      you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
                You may obtain a copy of the License at
               http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
            
     Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
      See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
                      limitations under the License.

# Examples of Enceladus E2E data

> Main purpos of the data presented here is to for use in Enceldus e2e automated tests,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main purpose of the data presented here is for use in Enceldus e2e automated tests,
```

but it also nicely shows examples of data and combinations possible.

There are 3 folders

- `data` - data for hdfs and jsons ready to be imported into Menas
- `setup_scripts` - should help you with importing data into Menas and copying onto HDFS
- `test_jsons` - jsons ready to be executed using [Hermes](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/hermes)

## Setup Scripts

### Import into Menas

**Tools used**: cURL

This script will populate Menas with datasets, schemas and mapping tables.
To run scripts with user prompts, run:

```shell
./setup_scripts/import_all.sh
```

Ths will start the script and ask you for a username, password and Menas URL.

To run without the prompts use:
```shell

> ./setup_scripts/import_all.sh with user changeme http://localhost:8080/menas

Reviewer 2: maybe add an explanatory comment, otherwise, it looks like _using a username 'changeme'_

```
or 
```shell
./setup_scripts/import_all.sh with defaults
```

The parameters are user name, password and Menas URL.

> Defaults are the same as in the second example. 

Reviewer 3: I would name the defaults here instead of reference.

### Copy to HDFS

**Tools used**: hdfs dfs

This script will upload data to your HDFS, so you would be able to run the datasets in Menas. 
To run this script with user prompts, run:

```shell
./setup_scripts/copy_to_hdfs.sh
```

This will start the script and ask you for the root folder of to use. 

> This is a folder into which it will copy the 3 folders.

Reviewer 4: Hey, 
no, it is actually 3 folders `/std`,  `/publish` and `/ref` 
But yes, it could be less specific in this place.

> This is a folder into which it will copy the 3 folders.

Reviewer 3: Aha. I see. I got confused. In that case please just mention these three - I think it will make it obvious.

> This si a folder into which it will copy the 3 folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a folder into which it will copy the 3 folders.
```

If the folder does not exist, you will be asked if you want to create it.

To run without user prompts use

```shell
./setup_scripts/copy_to_hdfs.sh with /path/on/hdfs n
```

> First parameters is the root folder and second if to crete or not. Second parameter is options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First parameter is the root folder and second if to create or not. Second parameter is optional.
```
